I worked from 1980 to 1983 for a guy
named Ralph from Olympia Hockey Night in
Canada I went to every single hockey
game in the in the gardens of Toronto
for three years I'll tell you a
fascinating story that I learned there
Harold Ballard owned the gardens at that
time he used to sit in the bunker which
was in the northeast corner right at the
street level with all the fans around
him and Clancy was in there with him and
a woman named Atlanta which was his
girlfriend
many people don't remember this but
Harold was a bombastic guy he commanded
a room when he walked in I always be
amazed when a room with 50 60 100 people
he'd walk in and the whole room would
just it would change he was he was
sizzling like an isotope a remarkable
guy I was learning a lot at that time
because I was a young producer running
back and forth I was the runner between
Harold Ballard and Ralph Melanie Melanie
was running hockey in Canada and I'd sit
in the box with Harold whatever he
wanted he didn't like telephones there
was no internet there was no email at
that time he would say to me go tell
ralph bellamy
to do this in the second period I want
to focus on one of my players and I'd
run down a melody to say I'm not
listening that guy or whatever one night
the Russians Rebecca and they were
Soviets were coming into the league they
were the players and for the first time
ever ralph bellamy was going to make a
Soviet player a star at the end where
they skate out with the spotlight on
them so I ran up to Harris had great
news we're gonna have a foreign star a
Russian where our Soviets gonna get on
on the ice ax here in the gardens he
said you tell Mellanby if that Russians
skate touches the ice I will shut the
power off in this whole city block
I said why would you do that because I
don't want Russians on my ice I don't
like them
I run back to Mellanby I say if you put
that Russian as a star that Soviet as a
star
we will go dead air across this country
will be no electricity to our cameras he
said I don't believe it seconds later
the Soviet steps on the ice the gardens
go back and for the first time in
history there's no lights on Hockey
Night in Canada that's a guy with guts
to do that
I love that man he was so powerful in
his ways look you got a lot of trouble
but he had huge personality